s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\NewsReader.dll.config
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\NewsReader.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\NewsReader.pdb
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\EntityFramework.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Owin.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\WebGrease.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\EntityFramework.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\obj\Debug\NewsReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\obj\Debug\NewsReader.dll
s:\users\bcpu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsReader\NewsReader\obj\Debug\NewsReader.pdb
